hello everyone this is a very quick
tutorial on what I think is the best
staff in oblivion so it's just in the
Imperial Market district if you don't
know what that is you haven't played
oblivion much it's in the Imperial City
right here
market district and go to Rin dears
staffs shouldn't take you long to find
it very very easy to find if you can't
find that you're stupid no offense to
those do it can't find it
talk to Ren dear yes I know where I am
then of course barter and this one I
can't really pronounce it but it's like
a Papa you sis apotheosis or something
and it does fire damage 33 points on
target at frost damage 33 points on
target they're all the same frost damage
33 points fire damage 33 amp and shock
damage 33 it has a total of 12 uses not
very many but it's worth it get it it
will help you in the arena so much no
joke
and yeah it's awesome I don't I don't
think he has it in his store anywhere
like you can't steal it but yeah just
get some money and buy it
hey where you going I need to buy that
stuff yeah what woody what are you doing
there little shorty it's five thousand
eight hundred and seventy eight gold
and yeah of course I can't move right
now thanks for watching this tutorial
and I have to drop something alright
more videos to come on oblivion thanks